[Music]
hey if you're like me mornings can be
pretty slow hitting that snooze button
more times than I'd like to admit just
standing in the shower waiting until the
sleepiness washes away but I decided to
challenge myself with this full body
workout
instead of lollygagging around in the
morning I'd use that wasted time to get
toned and just one month later I'm glad
I did here's what I've been doing number
one squats stand up straight with your
feet slightly wider than shoulder-width
apart then bend your knees and slowly
lower yourself into an imaginary chair
you can even use a real chair at first
to get the movement down keep your chest
open look ahead and don't let your knees
go past your toes they should be in line
and pointing forward not out to the
sides stay at the lowest point for a few
seconds and then return to the initial
position this exercise targets pretty
much every muscle in your legs from your
calves to your thighs it also hits your
glutes and lower back muscles do 3 sets
of 12 reps for this one you can add reps
as you build up strength or grab a bar
weight if you have one put it on your
shoulders but make sure to keep it off
your neck to avoid injuries number 2
side plank with leg lifts
although this exercise may seem a bit
hard at first it's super effective for
training your abs glutes obliques and
outer thigh muscles start by lying on
the floor on your side with one forearm
right under your shoulder and your feet
together tighten your core and lift your
hips off the floor so that your body
makes a straight line from head to feet
you can also prop yourself not on your
elbow but on your straightened arm it'll
just require more balancing skills
anyway lift your upper leg in the air
hold it for a couple of seconds and then
lower back down do 15 reps then switch
sides and do 15 on your other leg aim to
complete 3 sets on each leg with this
1/2
number three plank with knee to elbow
get into the plank position with your
arms straight and place directly under
your shoulders tighten your core and
keep your back straight from head to toe
remember that your head should be in
line with your neck a good trick is to
pick a spot on the floor or your phone
and keep your eyes focused on it pull
your right knee up towards your right
elbow straighten it back out without
letting it rest on the floor again and
then go right back up to that elbow do
three sets of 12 reps on each side for
the ultimate core sculpting exercise
number four V ups lie flat on the floor
on your back with your arms stretched
over your head contract your core and
abdominal muscles to slowly lift your
legs and upper body off the floor your
torso and leg should make well of V
shape you can also try to touch your
toes when you're in this peak position
hold it for two seconds and then slowly
lower back down this is a pretty tough
exercise but try to do 3 sets of 12 with
30 second breaks between sets remember
to breathe deeply while doing this
exercise because holding your breath
will do you more harm than good
with each new day try to stay in the V
position for a bit longer
over time V up strengthen and define
your lower and upper abs improve your
balance and core stability and train
your lower back muscles number 5 reverse
leg raises
start by getting on all fours lift your
right leg to form a straight line from
your head to your toes stay in this
position for a couple of seconds then
lower your knee back to the floor do 15
reps with your right leg and then repeat
the same with the left one try to
complete three sets on each leg and
remember that your hips should be facing
the floor throughout the whole exercise
that way you'll get the most out of it
that is strengthened and defined glutes
quads abs and especially those
hamstrings
number six donkey kicks we got the same
starting position for this exercise too
all fours on the floor lift your right
leg but this time keep your knee bent at
a 90 degree angle hold this position for
a few seconds making sure your upper
thigh is parallel to the floor and then
lower your leg down keep your hips
facing the floor for this one two again
three sets of 15 on each leg will do the
trick
donkey kicks target some of the same
muscle groups as reverse leg raises your
glutes hamstrings thighs and lower back
as well as your core and arm muscles
number seven hip raises
lie down on your back on the floor with
your legs bent at the knee and your arms
down by your sides raise your hips in
the air by squeezing your glutes and
core muscles so that your body forms a
straight line from your knees to your
shoulders stay in this position for a
couple of seconds then lower yourself
back down without touching your bum to
the floor you'll go straight up into
your next rep again three sets of
fifteen every single day will have you
looking in the mirror and seeing
stronger more toned glutes hamstrings
abs and lower back muscles within a
month eight wall push-ups and to wrap it
all up here's the last exercise I do in
my morning workout get into a push-up
position against the wall with your
hands shoulder-width apart from each
other while keeping your arms bet step
away from the wall until you're leaning
against it at about a 30-degree angle
keep your whole body straight and your
glutes legs and core muscles engaged
straighten your arms and push yourself
away from the wall to an almost upright
position then bend your elbows again and
slowly lower yourself back toward the
wall control your movements so that you
don't faceplant right into the wall do
three sets of fifteen and build on those
as you gain strength or if you want to
challenge yourself more move your feet
further from the wall
and the exercise will immediately get
harder this entire workout doesn't take
much time and the best part is that it
involves the most important muscle
groups without the need for any special
equipment if you keep at it every day
you'll start seeing results in a month's
time but if you're still looking for
some extra motivation here are a few of
my best tips and tricks when it comes to
exercising at home first and foremost
exercise in the morning by the evening
most people are usually too tired after
a long work or school day to make an
effort to work out or even just move
around plus if you do it in the morning
it'll help wake you up and you'll feel
energized for the whole day take it from
me it's a lot more effective than
smashing the snooze button
or a long shower if you're new to the
whole exercising thing or it's been a
while
start with fewer reps and slightly
increase the intensity of your workout
every day even though you don't really
need to go to the gym and you can
totally do the routine in your pajamas
still get yourself a cool workout outfit
I swear just being in gym clothes
motivates me to exercise always keep
your gym bag at your side like in your
office or car who knows when you might
have an opportunity for a quick workout
keep building on your routine and try to
include some cardio that mobile gym bag
really comes in handy when you want to
go for a jog after work you can also
start including weights or get a
resistance band for an added challenge
donkey kicks with an exercise band are a
whole other ballgame if you can't seem
to find time to dedicate to a full-on
workout include some Fitness in your day
to day for example make it a rule to do
10 push-ups before you check your social
media or eat a snack I like to do
sit-ups squats and jumping jacks during
commercial breaks when I'm watching TV
go for walks on the weekend while you're
on your way
catch up with your friends on the phone
fresh air friends and fitness 3 birds
with one stone
speaking of your buddies you can always
find a workout partner to help motivate
you now do you have any other tips on
how people can incorporate Fitness into
their daily routine let me know down in
the comments if you learn something new
today then give this video a like and
share it with a friend but hey now don't
go into your squat just yet
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out all you have to do is pick
the left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life